So now that we've finished our application structure, we have to include elements that we can later
see.
So we're going to create the lists of food, drinks and desserts that should be included on the left
panel menus.
In order to enter that data, we first need to store them somewhere.
So let's create some lists which can hold them.
Let's type product lists and create three lists.
The first one is food list, and we should add eight options such as chicken, lamb, salmon, hake,
kebabs, pizza one, pizza two and pizza three.
That should do it.
Now let's add eight options for drink list.
Lemonade, soda, juice, cola, wine, one wine, two, beer, one and beer two.
These are our drinks.
Finally, let's create the dessert list, which can include ice cream fruit, which is very healthy.
Brownies, pudding, cheesecake.
And I've already run out of ideas.
So cake one, cake two and cake three.
So we're selling 24 products now.
We have to place all these names in our food, drink and dessert panels, and we're going to use a loop
for that.
We need a loop that creates a check button for each of them.
That way, the user will be able to check off the products that their clients have bought.
First, we need a variable named counter, which increases a value as we loop through everything.
As a result, we can establish which position each product occupies.
So for each food in food list, we'll do the following.
We'll make food the one corresponding to each iteration be equal to check button, which is a t k enter
element.
Where will our food be?
Inside Food Panel.
Then we're going to manipulate the text on each tag from these check buttons and they all have to be
different as they will contain different plates.
I will create those texts with food title.
That is the name of each food in food list.
And that's the second attribute.
Then font, which will be the same for all of them.
It will be doses size 19 in bold.
Here we press comma and enter to continue on the next line.
And here we'll enter on value one and off value zero.
What?
What's this?
You may ask the former is the value that this checkbox will return when it's activated, and the latter
is the value it will contain when the checkbox is deactivated.
So if it's deactivated, its value will be zero, otherwise it will be one.
These two values will let us programmatically identify the state of the products they are linked to,
regardless of being chosen or not.
Consequently, we'll be able to make decisions about it.
So we've finished configuring our food for now, and once we create the check buttons, we can place
them inside the panel.
So we call food again, but we use the grid method and we can create columns and rows using that method,
remember?
So our food panel will have a column containing all the objects, one on top of the other.
So we're only going to change rows.
Roe will be equal to the value of counter because we'll make that value change in each iteration.
The first one will be in row zero.
The second will be in row one and so on.
And which column will we place them in?
Well, all the check buttons will be placed in column zero.
That won't change.
And in order to always place this text on the left side of the screen will put stick y equals w.
Due to this, everything will be organized on that side.
So we need to set up one more thing inside our loop.
Let's call counter and make it increase one value so that it values change according to each iteration.
Let's execute this to see it on the screen.
Well, now our panel is visible.
Food panel contains its food tag, and this is followed by all the plates and their checked buttons.
So if we activate or dis activate any of them, their values in on value and off value will be zero
or one.
That value is not linked to anything so far, so nothing happens.
We need to add such value zero or one to a variable that we can manipulate.
Since we have to create one variable for each of those 24 elements, we're going to do that in dynamic
way.
Let's create a list named Food Variables, which will be equal to an empty list, and we'll create each
of those elements inside our loop.
So above our variable, we'll type create food items so as to explain what task this block of code performs
inside our loop.
The for creating the check buttons will call food variables and apply the append method to it so as
to add one element in each iteration.
That element will be empty.
So we're going to put an empty string and that's it.
Moreover, we'll make that element the one we added changed to an integer variable.
In T.K. Enter, we can do so like this.
We call the food variables element, which is in the counter index, which will initialize as zero and
which will change according to each iteration and it will be equal to an int var.
This stands for integer variable.
It is a t k into class with which we can create these specific variables.
Since an int var is going to be created in each loop, we'll make those variables contain the value
of our check button, which can be zero or one.
So inside check button we add another parameter which is variable, and this is equal to food variables
along with its index counter.
And that's it.
So far, if we open our window, we won't see any changes affecting our program, although we don't
see it.
We already have variables in which we're going to store values that will allow us to make decisions.
Now we only need to do the same with drink and dessert panels.
Let's keep it simple and copy this block of code and paste it here.
Just replace food with drink.
So let's make several selections.
Now let's position ourselves on the first f press alt and without releasing click at the beginning of
each food and now we delete everything and type drink.
All right, let's execute this.
And now we have our two panels and their checkboxes.
Let's do the same with dessert.
We'll paste another block of code where we'll add the check buttons for dessert, we repeat the same
process, delete and type dessert.
We execute it and everything is in the right place.
Notice that these three panels have been placed in the middle of left panel.
When we set up the cost panel below, everything will be arranged properly.
Okay.
We succeeded in adding the check buttons for all of our products.
Let's go to the next lesson and keep on moving forward.